moment of truth who stays who goes i'm
going to give you this course let's
start with using if you start with you
cindy you are staying on you got 31 a
highest individual score of the day
yuvraj you didn't do so well despite my
marking i have to say as its marked you
down you got 21 mizzou sri there is
logic sometimes in making pakoras you
got 25 so now there will always be other
days don't worry about this you're very
good chef you got 15 Samina we've told
you what you need to know you got 22
those who you who are good at
mathematics will have worked out what is
going to happen next I'll tell you who's
going to stay Sandeep is going to stay
Madhu Sri is going to stay and then we
have a very very close competition
because we know you have 22 y/o garage
you have 21 so very very narrow your
eyes very very unlucky but I have this
terrible feeling I'm going to see you
again thank you guys to all of those who
won congratulations to the people who
haven't don't give up there's always
another chance so let me just repeat
this for the last time sundeep Samina
Madhu Sri you're in i'll see you at the
next round sneha and your garage it was
fun we see each other soon
see you in the next round